README.md, before:

#ping_network 
 is a tool that ping usable hosts in your network except the network address itself and the network broadcast address.
It need netinfo & its shell commands like "ifconfig", "hostname" & "ping". That's why you need "super user" powers.
Purpose: ping all usable hosts in your network, one time, with delay and without do much noise.

P.S: python3 env ipaddress subprocess

Copyright (C) 2017  Dario Lynx

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

ping_network  Copyright (C) 2017  Dario Lynx
This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type 'show w'.
This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
under certain conditions; type 'show c' for details.

Commit message:

Implemented as a python module. Improvements affecting platform independency and code cleanups. Solving #1

README.md, after:

#ping_network 
 is a tool that ping usable hosts in your network except the network address itself and the network broadcast address.
It need netinfo & its shell commands like "ifconfig", "hostname" & "ping". That's why you need "super user" powers.
Purpose: ping all usable hosts in your network, one time, with delay and without do much noise.

P.S: python3 env ipaddress subprocess

# Installation

Simply clone the repo and run

```
cd ping_network
python setup.py install
```

Now, by just running

```
ping_network
```

You will be able to use the tool!

# Collaborators

Walter Danilo Galante @devilicecream

Copyright (C) 2017  Dario Lynx

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

ping_network  Copyright (C) 2017  Dario Lynx
This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type 'show w'.
This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
under certain conditions; type 'show c' for details.
